#summary This document describes how to install and configure Pajamas-Proxy on a Linux machine.
#labels installation,readme,gettingstarted,configuration

= Introduction =

Pajamas-Proxy was tested on several Linux platforms (Ubuntu 10.10, CentOS 5.5, both 64 bit version), but it should run on any [http://wrapper.tanukisoftware.com/doc/english/supported-platforms-350.html platform supported by Java Service Wrapper].

= Requirements =

== Hardware ==

 * 10MB of free disk space for the binary distribution

== Operating System ==

 * See here: http://wrapper.tanukisoftware.com/doc/english/supported-platforms-350.html

== Environment ==

 * JDK 6 or above must be installed

= Installing and using on a Linux machine =

The steps below explain how to download and install the binary distribution on a Linux system. It should be rather trivial to do the same on any other platform.

 # Fetch the latest distribution from the [http://code.google.com/p/pajamas-proxy/downloads/list downloads] page.
 # Unpack the archive into a directory of your choice.
 # Edit the `pajamas.properties` file located at `<pajamas-install-dir>/conf`
  # You must at least specify the `pajamas.remoteHosts` property to point to your memcached hosts.
  # Most properties have defaults set to a reasonable value. See the docs inside the `pajamas.properties` file.
 # In case java is not in your path, edit the `<pajamas-install-dir>/conf/wrapper.conf` file
  # You may also change other settings for the pajamas daemon in the `<pajamas-install-dir>/conf/wrapper.conf` file

== Starting Pajamas-Proxy (daemon) ==

{{{
cd [pajamas_install_dir]
bin/pajamasproxy start
}}}

== Starting Pajamas-Proxy (console) ==

{{{
cd [pajamas_install_dir]
bin/pajamasproxy console
}}}

== Stopping Pajamas-Proxy (daemon) ==

{{{
cd [pajamas_install_dir]
bin/pajamasproxy stop
}}}

== Restarting Pajamas-Proxy ==

{{{
cd [pajamas_install_dir]
bin/pajamasproxy restart
}}}

== Pajamas-Proxy status ==

{{{
cd [pajamas_install_dir]
bin/pajamasproxy status
}}}